Bulletin Title and Executive Summary
Cumulative Security Update for Internet Explorer (3169991)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if a user views a specially crafted webpage using Internet Explorer. An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerabilities could gain the same user rights as the current user. If the current user is logged on with administrative user rights, an attacker could take control of an affected system. An attacker could then install programs; view, change, or delete data; or create new accounts with full user rights.
Cumulative Security Update for Microsoft Edge (3169999)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Edge. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if a user views a specially crafted webpage using Microsoft Edge. An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerabilities could gain the same user rights as the current user. Customers whose accounts are configured to have fewer user rights on the system could be less impacted than users with administrative user rights.
Cumulative Security Update for JScript and VBScript (3169996)
This security update resolves a vulnerability in the JScript and VBScript scripting engines in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerability could allow remote code execution if a user visits a specially crafted website. An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerability could gain the same user rights as the current user. If the current user is logged on with administrative user rights, an attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerabilities could take control of an affected system. An attacker could then install programs; view, change, or delete data; or create new accounts with full user rights.
Security Update for Windows Print Spooler Components (3170005)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows. The more severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if an attacker is able to execute a man-in-the-middle (MiTM) attack on a workstation or print server, or set up a rogue print server on a target network.
Security Update for Microsoft Office (3170008)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Office. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow remote code execution if a user opens a specially crafted Microsoft Office file. An attacker who successfully exploited the vulnerabilities could run arbitrary code in the context of the current user. Customers whose accounts are configured to have fewer user rights on the system could be less impacted than those who operate with administrative user rights.
Security Update for Windows Secure Kernel Mode (3170050)
This security update resolves a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows. The vulnerability could allow information disclosure when Windows Secure Kernel Mode improperly handles objects in memory.
Security Update for Windows Kernel-Mode Drivers (3171481)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows. The more severe of the vulnerabilities could allow elevation of privilege if an attacker logs on to an affected system and runs a specially crafted application that could exploit the vulnerabilities and take control of an affected system.
Security Update for .NET Framework (3170048)
This security update resolves a vulnerability in Microsoft .NET Framework. The vulnerability could cause information disclosure if an attacker uploads a specially crafted XML file to a web-based application.
Security Update for Windows Kernel (3171910)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows. The most severe of the vulnerabilities could allow security feature bypass if the Windows kernel fails to determine how a low integrity application can use certain object manager features.
Security Update for Adobe Flash Player (3174060)
This security update resolves vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash Player when installed on all supported editions of Windows 8.1, Windows Server 2012, Windows RT 8.1, Windows Server 2012 R2, and Windows 10.